
The data is pretty messy, as I collected it over multiple years and multiple 
sites. I'm going to want to normalize a couple of different aspects of the 
representation:

- All liquids in the same units
    - Might be centiliters
    - dashes, barspoons, etc. need conversion
- All names of cocktails in title case (Gin Martini, not GIN MARTINI)
- Cocktials with matching names assigned a unique ID as well (Martini-01, etc.)
- Ingredients normalized so largest amount is 1, others proportional to that
    - Not so they sum to one, that loses relative scale
- Some way of handling garnishes and muddled ingredients
- Language modeling to normalize instructions

Some exploratory stuff:
- How many units are currently in use in the data, and how do they break down
  in terms of frequency relative to the whole set?
- How many ingredients are there? 
    - Is there tooling to support building ontologies of this stuff in a 
      reasonable way? Kind of like the Discovery of Grounded Theory, but with
      at least a little automation support?

Also want a concordance of similar flavors (Strega is like a sweet chartreuse)
and a hierarchy of abstraction (Laphroaig is a Islay is a scotch). This is 
called an ontology. 

Esquire

    https://www.esquire.com/food-drink/drinks/recipes/a3801/tom-collins-drink-recipe/

    They all seem to be the same up to "recipes", so a straightforward parser can pull them out

    
cocktaillove.com
    Selenium parser, pretty straightforward

mrboston.com
    Ended up doing a selenium based parser

liquor.com
    Requests-based parser, was able to get about 560 cocktails

Guardian has a drinks section
    The Good Mixer has drinks starting from https://www.theguardian.com/food/series/the-good-mixer
    and going on for several pages. 

    The drink links are in 'a' tags with the class "u-faux-block-link-overlay__ js-headline-text",
    because designing code to be read by humans is apparently for chumps. 

    The "next page" link has rel="next" and data-link-name="Pagination view next". 

    The actual drink pages are a big "fuck you" to the corpse of the semantic web, 
    though. The content is in 
    <div class="article-body-commercial-selector article-body-viewer-selector  dcr-ucgxn1">
    the last parameter of which is an opaque string that varies from page to page. 

    The drink name is in 'h2' tags, and then there's a 'p' with the serving size, 
    and another p after that has the ingredients. Fortunately, they're all in 
    'strong' tags, so they can be parsed out of the annotations. Unfortunately, 
    the madlads over at the Guardian didn't put each ingredient in its OWN strong tag,
    but they could probably be split on amounts by looking for numbers.  

    The paragraph after that has the instructions, as its text. That, or there's an empty 
    paragraph, because the Guardian is a trash fire. 

Reddit drinking subreddits
